README.md, before:

# Mac Hebrew SI 1452-2 ― מקלדת עברית לפי תקן 1452-2

A Mac keboard layout for the Israeli standard layout 1452-2 (2017); see http://mikladot.com for what's new.

Adapted from the standard MacOS Hebrew layout by Erez Volk.

## Installation Instructions

<p align="center" direction="rtl"><b>קובץ ההתקנה נמצא <a href="Hebrew%20SI%201452-2.dmg?raw=true">פה</a></b></p>

- Download and open the [installer](Hebrew%20SI%201452-2.dmg?raw=true).
- Drag the layout to the folder saying "Drag here to install"
- Go to System Preferences > Keyboard and add the new input source. Note that there's 
  no need to remove your old Hebrew layout; both can coexist quite happily.

## Thank you:
- Keyboard Layout description taken from http://mikladot.com
- Edited using the extremely useful and usable [Ukelele](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=ukelele) from SIL.
- Inspired by https://github.com/amire80/Mac-Hebrew-Standard-1452-2012-Keyboard, which you may still prefer to use if you don't want the new layout.

Comments and requests are more then welcome!
Hacking the keyboard layout can also be nice―there are a couple of unused keys just waiting for your favorite characters...

Erez Volk, April 2018

Commit message:

Version 1.0.1: New icon, just for the fun of it

README.md, after:

# Mac Hebrew SI 1452-2 ― מקלדת עברית לפי תקן 1452-2

A Mac keboard layout for the Israeli standard layout 1452-2 (2017); see http://mikladot.com for what's new.

Adapted from the standard MacOS Hebrew layout by Erez Volk.

## Installation Instructions

<p align="center" direction="rtl"><b>קובץ ההתקנה נמצא <a href="Hebrew%20SI%201452-2.dmg?raw=true">פה</a></b></p>

- Download and open the [installer](Hebrew%20SI%201452-2.dmg?raw=true).
- Drag the layout to the folder saying "Drag here to install"
- Go to System Preferences > Keyboard and add the new input source. Note that there's 
  no need to remove your old Hebrew layout; both can coexist quite happily.

## Thank you:
- Keyboard Layout description taken from http://mikladot.com
- Edited using the extremely useful and usable [Ukelele](http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=ukelele) from SIL.
- Inspired by https://github.com/amire80/Mac-Hebrew-Standard-1452-2012-Keyboard, which you may still prefer to use if you don't want the new layout.
- For the icon, I used the Miriam CLM font from [the Culmus project](http://culmus.sourceforge.net/index.html)

Comments and requests are more then welcome!
Hacking the keyboard layout can also be nice―there are a couple of unused keys just waiting for your favorite characters...

Erez Volk, April 2018
